Create how-i-create-blog-posts-from-github.md (#58)
mauricionr/blog: posts/how-can-i-create-blog-posts-from-github.md

---

> title: How i built this blog
> description: This is a post on My Blog about how i built this blog.

Author: ```suggestion
title: How can i create blog posts from github
description: This is a post on My Blog about How can i create blog posts from github.
```
